Hello, everyone.
So now we are going to do is I'm going to add an overlay to the image behind, right?
So select the image and then back to Phil.
Right.
This time I'm not going to click on the small square box beside the image text.
This time you are going to click on the plus icon.
Are they extreme rights or they feel section?
I feel section.
We click on the plus icon see way.
Okay, good.
So when I click on the plus icon, you realize that it adds another layer to it on top of the image.
The image.
Can see that.
Yes.
Yeah.
Good enough.
U.S. you can see the extra layer.
And then when you look at the picture, you can see that it has changed.
Okay.
So here what we are trying to do is not to add a linear overlay.
We want to add a solid overlay.
So on the new layer, we'll click on the rectangle.
The field rectangle beside this time is white, so we click on it.
And then when you look you look here where initially you saw solid.
They are linear, we don't want linear.
So we click on the dropdown, so we click on the dropdown and then we click on the solid.
But then if you notice, once we selected a solid, it seems like our image, the image at the back
is disappeared.
It's actually there.
It hasn't disappeared.
It's blended with the background.
That's why it seems like it's no day you get it.
So now what you are going to do is we are going to reduce the intensity of the whites, but we actually,
before we do that, the color we want.
The only color you want on an image is not white.
We want something pinkish reddish.
Right.
So.
The color created, the color I picked.
In the earlier discussion, the color which is the red.
If you look down here where you have documents, colors, everything, you can see that there are a
number of square boxes here and they are filled with different colors.
These are the colors that you've used in your projects.
I pick the red and my red is showing here, so I'll just select the red.
When I click on the red, you notice that the shape appears.
Because now I see it.
Okay.
All right.
So.
Yep, yep, yep.
So now we are going to do it.
I'm going to increase the intensity of the color so that we can view our image.
Do it.
So we see that there are two bars here, right?
There's the the color bar.
That's a huge bar.
Yeah.
And then there's the intensity bar.
Beneath that, you have the color code or the intensity percentage.
You can reduce the intensity by either entering a number.
Are they intensity percentage sites or you can just.
A edits that by hit by dragging the secular thing.
Can you see it?
I see what I'm doing.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
So to achieve.
Can I just run my resort?
It looks like the oval is like that.
I might buy anything.
We'll do it like that.
I guess so.
Yes, I'm going to use a red value of 50 50% with an intensity of 50%.
All right.
Moving on.
Yes, we are coming to beat this.
Well, since you've already going through the process of pitching this, I'm sure it won't be hard to
beat this.
You can't beat it without me diving, right?
Yeah, that was two guys doing it.
So it's just this rash, too.
So I tap on my rectangle shape, too.
And then.
Draw a meaning small rectangle up here.
I mean, that's the width to 15 and then.
There had to 40.
50 and then.
Well, here, I'm going to enter the reduced value instead of using the circular theme.
So let me put think 2010.
So tonight.
Do we have this?
With the duplication, the duplication technique we used earlier, I'm going to duplicate the shape
so that we don't have to recreate it from scratch.
So with a shape selected, you press and hold command.
Then Press D now is duplicated, but we can't see duplicated because I've not moved the copy away from
the original.
So when I move it now you see that it's copied.
I've created a copy of it.
So now we have something similar towards this day.
Okay.
So now what you are going to do is you are going to group this, these two shapes, right?
So.
People are going to do multiple selection.
So press and hold shifts on the keyboard right.
Then tap on the first object or shape once you select.
With the shirts still pressed down or held down, we tap on the select the second shape we want to select
from.
You see that both shapes are selected.
The two small things that are selected.
So.
So that you selected I right click on one of them and then from the dropdown menu I select good selection.
To do multiple selection, you have to press and hold shifts on the keyboard and then be tap and tap
in the various objects you want to select.
So in this case, I'm selecting the two pure like shapes.
So I press and hold shift on my keyboard, and then I select the first shape which shifts though held
down.
I click on the second shape which allows me to select the two you that.
Can we see that now?
My two ships have been selected.
Command gene or control gene is the shortcut for grouping them and then by can also right click and
then select group selection.
To give them.
So now my my objects have been grouped.
The reason why I grouped them is to make it easier on me when I'm moving them so that I don't have to
move one.
And then later, come and move on.
Do you get it?
Yes.
So now, as you can see, these two pillars are not centered on the frame.
So I'm going to move it around to center it.
When I move it to the middle, you see that there's a red guideline showing me that it's directly in
the middle.
So once since I'm.
I've confirmed this in the middle of.
I just leave it here.
This is one way of arranging or aligning or things or centering your things.
You can see the alignment section here.
That's the first section of the design panel.
Yes.
So with my grouped items, I just.
Click on the.
There's a line horizontal centered.
Into the dry.
So moving on.
So now we have apples.
And image.
The first image and the image at the background.
The next thing we are going to do is great.
So the next thing we do is create the text, right?
So we see translate and then.
That's the office.
That's the title take.
So you go to the text to you click on the text or use the shortcut on the keyboard.
Just press t on the keyboard.
So you just press you use the shortcuts on the keyboard or you move to select the test to on to menu.
So in my case, I selected it for you to see.
Then you click anywhere in your frame and you start typing.
So I'll translate and link to type translate.
And then
as you can see, my text is too small.
I don't like my phone, so I come here.
All right.
Inside we see the properties of the text, right?
So on the design panel and that it takes section.
The first thing under the tech section is the fonts.
So I changed my phone.
So I'm changing my I don't know if so you change the font to whatever font you like.
I'm changing it to wear away because unattractive fonts for me.
Then I increase my font size.
Let me do it.
That's quite big.
Okay, so let me know that is okay.
I see that it's not thick enough.
The designers are copying the title seems to be bold.
So I convert the this one to both the text to both from the font styles.
Are we following?
Do we get it?
Property under the text section is the font.
Type.
Can you see that?
Yeah, in my case, my phone, my current phone is groovy.
So what you see there is real way.
Maybe yours go to a lot.
So that's what I'm going to see.
Can you see that?
Yeah.
So if you have a phone in mind, do you know the name of your phone?
You can just stop.
Sorry.
In the inputs box and type the font name.
If you don't you want to explore for you.
See, there's a dropdown icon beside the input box.
Yeah, I see that.
Yes.
Yeah.
So you can just drop down and then experiment with the various forms that are here.
All right.
So now what we are going to do is our next task is to create the text that is underneath.
Right.
In this case, you are not going to
find the text to again, I'm just going to duplicate the text I've already created, change the properties
and then type whatever I need to type.
But we already know how to duplicate.
So I tap on a command, they move down, then I change the properties.
So I think I'll change it to 18 font size to 18 and then medium or to maintain the font type.
All right.
So from here we can look to that the color of the body text and the title text is different.
Right?
So I'm going to find a color that is gray.
Okay.
I'm sure by now we can all we all know how to change our colours.
The colours of our ships and texts.
Okay.
So, yeah.
I guess, you know, I've changed the properties of my tech, so I'm just going to.
I'm just going to type.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm just like, This is good thing.
You just type it for that and money.
That was easy to end.
Money.
Just use the.
Just lay up and collect money.
Collect the points.
I'm sure you all can see that my text is disappearing as I type, right?
Yes.
So when you notice, as you are typing away, you notice that it's getting to the end of day like it's
entering or this one.
You just press enter for it to move to the next line.
To continue.
Or another thing you can do is you can type if you feel like, okay, you can continue typing letter
past the border and then when you finish you come here to the text property, right?
The website, you enter a way for it, right?
The body takes.
So what you do is you can choose to select your text to start typing from scratch the way you finish
or modify the properties.
Or you can just duplicates.
So you kind of choose to do it from scratch or select the translate and learn and then duplicated and
change the properties of the new copy in the text layer.
So another way to duplicate.
Okay, you see where your rectangle is on the left?
The Layers panel that's on the left.
I think you can right click and then it will give you an option.
Try and see right click and see who could duplicate this.
No, no, no.
We have rectangle one.
Rectangle two.
Yeah.
Is there duplicates?
Excuse?
No, I think we have copy and paste.
Yes.
Do we?
It is copy paste.
I saw that the last menu is.
Yes.
But I think this one is stress.
This is stress.
Better to just do that from day one.
Yeah.
So, guys, just one where you can duplicate your objects or your layers.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
Moving on.
Moving on, moving on.
We can see this small loading thing here, right?
The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create this small loading things.
Now I'm going to use the application to create it.
I'm not going to create it from scratch.
So this bill that I've created, right, I'm going to duplicate one of them, pull them out of the group.
You remember that?
I grabbed him.
And then change the property to suit what we see here.
So with my target selected.
Command is duplicated now.
Right.
I'm moving it.
When you look at the Layers panel coming in my screen.
Yeah.
You can see that the copy I did is in a group.
Is a group of their peers.
Yes.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to drag this out of the group.
Okay.
So for those who didn't see them, do it again.
The agenda is currently or the ship that's currently selected is the copy I rights and I don't want
a copy to be part of the group because if I should move, that group is going to move this to and I
don't want that group to affect this copy.
Right?
That is my reason for moving it out of the group.
I created it so I click and hold the copy in the layers panel, drag it and drag it out of the group.
So I put it above the group I've created.
The loading is smaller than the pill.
I put that up there.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to reduce the the width and the height of the pill.
So.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you can also I mean, you can also work on it as I'm working on it.
So duplicate again reduce the the height.
So eliminating 30.
And make it five.
Okay, let me leave it at eight.
Duplicate this.
Reduce the height to 25.
Or duplicate it again and reduce the height.
I've tried.
Okay.
So now I have my three ships to represent my loading icon.
Thank God.
What's your big.
Okay.
So we can notice that in that picture, the first one is 100% intensity opacity and then the second
one has the second and the third ones are reduced.
Right.
So that's what I'm going to do.
Nothing you can do in Figma is you can change a number of.
Properties.
Properties of multiple objects at once.
You get it.
So in this case, I'm going to change this and this the color intensity of this and this at once.
So with the selection, the multiple selection method, I told you, use it to select the two.
There you come here where the color is, where the film is, you got you can either choose to press
on this thing, go inside and then use the bar, or you can just directly into the color intensity value
here without you having to open that dialog box.
So in my case, I'm going to directly entity 40.
Yes.
So you can see that my color intensity for the years two has reduced.
Our next thing is.
That's not the time.
I'm so confused that I'm losing my mind.
The Criminal Code.
Do this turn.
I get it.
Time to work.
We'll finish this up tomorrow.
Yeah.
We can see that.
There's already there's.
It takes.
We need a button.
I see.
He's already have an account.
Log in if you notice.
You see that already.
The colour of the already have an account is different from the log in colour.
Right.
So.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to use to defend text here.
So the first one I'm going to type, I already have an account.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
It was a bit dark, so.
I would change the colour and make it is not too black is a bit dark.
It's darker than a gray color, so make it a bit darker.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
And then grids the second text layer.
Again.
So then I can't change this color.
So I'll change this to red and change the font to make it a bit
darker.
Okay.
So as you can see, the text finish, prototype it, that will make it the buttons clickable so that
when I click on one button it moves to.
The next frame or the next speech.
Yeah.
Done with this screen.
You can preview it by pressing the play icon at the top here.
So.
They.
It opens another tab for you.
Yes.
So you click on a tab and then you see it gives you an idea of how to look on an actual mobile screen.
That's why I see an iPhone.
What I see now is iPhone 11 pro because the frame we chose was iPhone 11 pro.
That's why in the preview you are seeing how it will look like in an iPhone 11 pro.
Thank you very much.